Prague 2021 blog post shirts on sale and CFP reminder (#1551)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/prague/2021/news/shirts-cfp.rst

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

.. post:: June 21, 2021
   :tags: prague-2021, cfp, shirts, sponsors

Shirts are on sale, Call for Proposals is closing soon
======================================================

Greetings, documentarians in Europe and beyond! We hope you're doing alright and staying safe wherever you are. 

Today we're happy to announce that we launched our T-Shirt Pop-Up Shop (for a limited time only!) and to remind you that the Call for Proposals is closing at the end of this month, so if you haven't submitted your proposal, now is the time.

Shirts on sale
--------------

> The `Write the Docs Prague 2021 Pop-Up Shop <https://teespring.com/wtd-prague-2021>`_ is open, and starting this year we updated the logo to include the year of the conference. You can order loose and fitted options from different fabrics, and you can choose exactly the size and cut you want.

Author: ```suggestion
The `Write the Docs Prague 2021 Pop-Up Shop <https://shirt.writethedocs.org>`_ is open, and starting this year we updated the logo to include the year of the conference. You can order loose and fitted options from different fabrics, and you can choose exactly the size and cut you want.
```

Author: Waiting to merge this until we solve the subdomain shenanigans ;)
